(HP-828) chore: add disclaimer to registration (#1043)
uc-cdis/data-portal: docs/portal_config.md

    "studyRegistrationValidationField": "is_registered", // optional, the other of the extra field that is being added to metadata when a study is registered, to check if a study has been registered, because after loading data from MDS/AggMDS into Discovery page, the metadata category information is lost. Defaults to "is_registered"
    "studyRegistrationAccessCheckField": "registration_authz", // optional, the field that contains the value for Study Registration Request Access feature. Defaults to "registration_authz"
    "studyRegistrationUIDField": "appl_id", // optional, the field which can be used to uniquely determine a metadata record for Study Registration. Defaults to "appl_id"

>     "studyRegistrationFormDisclaimerField": "This is a diclaimer", //optional, the diclaimer text that appears under the submit button on the study registration form. Defaults to undefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "studyRegistrationFormDisclaimerField": "This is a disclaimer", //optional, the disclaimer text that appears under the submit button on the study registration request access form. Defaults to undefined
```

    "studyRegistrationValidationField": "is_registered", // optional, the other of the extra field that is being added to metadata when a study is registered, to check if a study has been registered, because after loading data from MDS/AggMDS into Discovery page, the metadata category information is lost. Defaults to "is_registered"
    "studyRegistrationAccessCheckField": "registration_authz", // optional, the field that contains the value for Study Registration Request Access feature. Defaults to "registration_authz"
    "studyRegistrationUIDField": "appl_id", // optional, the field which can be used to uniquely determine a metadata record for Study Registration. Defaults to "appl_id"
    "studyRegistrationFormDisclaimerField": null, //optional, the diclaimer text that appears under the submit button

>     on the study registration form. Defaults to null

Reviewer: if you changes the defaults to `undefined`, also changes this

Author: For the markdown, would be replace `null` with an empty quote `""`? And remove the `Defaults to null`?

Reviewer: you can put some dummy text in there like `"This is a disclaimer"` and this defaults to `undefined`
